The story is about a nurse. It starts in a mansion in a small town. The story begins with an inheritance and ends with a kidnapping.


Once upon a time,

There was a nurse named Barbara.  She came from a rich family. She moved to a very small and quiet city. She wanted to start a new life over there. Her rich family did not support her career choice of becoming a nurse.  They questioned why she would want to work at all when she already had everything paid for her. Her father made millions in the early 90's by inventing Toaster Strudel.

When the knock came, amid the whirring of the November wind, Barbara couldn't have been surpised. Maybe inconvenienced. She stopped while descending the narrow stairs to peer down upon the man at the door. He was carrying a brown paper parcel.

He threw the parcel at Barbara.  Barbara, being a former All-American wide-receiver at Penn State, snagged the parcel one-handed. When she looked up, the mysterious man was gone. She opened the parcel. She was shocked when she opened the parcel as she found a photo of her in a beautiful frame with a note that said thank you for saving my life.

The handwriting on the note did not match that of any she recognized; small black lettering of mostly capitals with the occasional lowercase letter thrown in had a slight masculine air to it though in Barbara's mind, it could go either way. 

The picture of herself in the lovely frame was another thing she did not recognize either.  In the picture, she estimated her age to be 14 or 15, she was out in front of her parents' Hampton home they used to own in the late 1980's, standing with two other kids approximately her own age, a boy and a girl on either side, but for the life of her, neither of their faces looked familiar at all.  Who were these other kids and why doesn't she remember them or this picture?

The wind had died down; she lingered in the doorframe. Yellow light cloaked her shoulders as she looked at the image in her hands; behind her, the light illuminated in particular a stack of worn nursing textbooks on the vestibule floor and a gym bag sloughed along the opposite wall. Modest wicker and upholstered furnishings, themselves host to sets of keys, uniforms, coffee mugs, and documents, seemed pensive inhabitants of such a grandiose space. Subtle creases formed above Barbara's brow as the chill from outside seeped into her home. She closed the door, but stood motionless for one moment longer. No amount of rumination would suffice to answer the questions posed by the miracle. After making efficient travel preparations, she stepped out into the night.

Barb, as her friends call her, went to the train station, boarded a train, and finally arrived at her Hampton mansion/cabin/13th home around midnight on October 8th.  Waiting for her in the doorway were two people.

Before she could introduce herself, Barb found herself in the smothering embrace of her Aunt Maureen. "Barbara!" exclaimed the small yet energetic lady, prolonging Barb's forced apprehension, "Reginald and I were just going out to see the moon - How *are* you??! - What ever brings you to our neck o' the woods?" Barbara guardedly reciprocated the hug, and really believed that Maureen was surprised to see her. A kind smile showed on Reginald's gaunt face as he extended his hand to her. The trio went back inside holding hands in a way that was spontaneous but seemed to each of them farcical, and so they all began to laugh.

Barbara's main memory of Maureen, her father's sister, comprised the events connected to her parents' divorce. Although her steely presence beside her brother at home and in court had offended Barbara as a teenager, she had since come to understand the urgency of Maureen's position then. And Maureen, for her part, had done her best to make amends, sending greeting cards and gifts at Christmas and each birthday and pictures of her foreign travels.

Technically her Hampton mansion/cabin/13th home belonged to her estranged father whom she hadn't spoken to or seen in person for over five years, so it wasn't entirely a shock to see her Aunt and Uncle shacked up here, but as she looked around the kitchen, living room and the bedroom she usually slept in when she visited, she got the feeling that they had been staying at the house much longer than a week long or even month visit.  They appeard to be living here outright.  It caused Barbara to wonder if they had recently spoken to her father, and she decided that when she unpacked it would be the first thing she asked them.

"I might ask you the same thing!" replied Maureen. "No posts, no letters. We're not close enough these days for me to get too nosy." A palour overtook her face. "You don't think... anything has happened to him?"
"No, no, it's just..."
     "...I'd been considering getting back in touch with him, is all. I came up on some other business, a seminar on hyperbarics research in the City, and thought I would run into him tonight."

Reginald sat up in his armchair and fixed a cajoling look upon Barbara. "An unannounced visit, after four, five years? I like your style, Barb. The suprise would nearly have killed the bastard - not that he didn't deserve it, for all he put you through." Barbara grunted, and a grin of incredulity affixed itself to her face. Reginald continued, "Frank broke down once, after Leslie's passing, over how much he regrets your estrangement, and how much of a better man he could have been with Leslie and you. He loves you."

The mention of Barb's mom put Maureen on edge. Her comic antics energized by Leslie's doleful appearance in the conversation, she swung at Reginald's shoulder with a nearby slipper. "Reginald! Where are your manners!" but before the old man could scarcely cower from the assault Barbara cut in sharply, raising both hands in an open semicircle.

"No, no, it's OK." Her hands lowered in synchrony with each no, and her voice conveyed repose. "It's natural that we would come to talk about her, what with all that's happened. I'm over grieving for my mom. It's good to know something - anything - about Dad after all this time."

But the expression of this sentiment served to close, rather than open, Barb's father or mother as subjects of fruitful conversation that night. Maureen steered the discussion toward Barb's move, and all she had been doing. Reginald brought out a bottle of Port. And Barb's irritation at Maureen's protection of her - protection that overlooked her proven resilience on the football field, at work and in class - cooled in the passing hours.

The warm light of the living room, which hours ago would have seemed the embodiment of comfort to a passing traveler, the frivolous light of the hearth's flames - this, too, dimmed from the vantage of the hollows abutting the estate. The mists, stirred since sunset by puffs of wind off the harbor, settled into the low marshes: above their opalescent horizon the moon, indifferent to Maureen's and Reginald's non-appearance, made an inquisition of the old house with its regal light. Long after the accidental party had dispersed, the moon held the environs in stasis with its chilly blue light. The moon's spell persisted up until green hues on the eastern horizon spoke of coming dawn, when one could hear, faintly, the hum of a motorcycle turning off the highway, and eventually, the crunch of gravel under its tires as it ascended the driveway.
